MOROHA: Soon after Towa
and Setsuna were born,
Kirinmaru's sister, Zero,
placed a fatal curse
on their mother, Rin,
the silver-scale curse,
that causes the victim
to rot away in agony.
What's more,
Zero bound Rin to her
by threads of fate,
making it impossible
for anyone to undo
the curse or defeat her.
But Towa and Setsuna
were able to sever the fate
that bound Rin to Zero.
Through their actions,
Zero's heart was redeemed,
and Riku dispatched
her spirit to heaven.
Freed from the curse,
Rin was finally able
to reunite with Sesshomaru.
My parents are
the half-demon Inuyasha
and Kagome, the reincarnation
of a legendary priestess.
Fourteen years ago,
Sesshomaru sealed them away
inside the Black Pearl.
I was left behind, entrusted
to Hachi the Raccoon Dog,
who then left me in the care
of the Wolf-Demon Tribe.
After that, I trained
under Master Yawaragi
and grew up to be a first-rate
demon bounty-hunter.
Then all of a sudden,
Sesshomaru himself
gave the Black Pearl to me
just like that,
so now I'm finally gonna be
able to meet my mom and dad!
Or so I thought,
before Kirinmaru came along
and took the pearl
away from me!
"Bring me the pinwheel,"
he says.
What the hell are you
talking about?!
Give me back
the Black Pearl, damn it!
A Feudal Fairytale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "Kirinmaru of the Dawn."
[melancholy music playing]
- Riku.
- It's all right, Lady Towa.
This is how Madam
would have wanted it to be.
- Riku's right. Thanks to you,
Aunt Zero
has found peace at last.
[both sigh]
- Towa...
- Yeah?
- Our mother...
shall we go see her?
- What?
- Yes, yes! You should
go and see your mother!
I'm sure nothing
would make her happier
than to see the two of you.
Yes, you must go at once.
[both grunt]
- Let's go to her then,
together.
- Right.
- Kirara!
- [snarls]
- Safe travels!
- [gasps]
Riku.
- Riku.
- [grunts]
- I need your help,
though it's for something
you will not like.
- Eh?
[wind blowing]
- This Black Pearl is said
to be connected to the place
where the Dog-Demon
of the West lies buried.
- [Takechiyo whimpering]
- [Moroha growls]
- And sealed within it
are his half-demon son
and the priestess
who erased the Shikon Jewel,
your parents.
- Get back, Takechiyo. Go on.
- [yelps]
- I don't have time for this!
Quit yapping and
hand over the pearl now!
[yells]
[gasps]
- You don't listen very well,
do you, quarter demon?
- [grunting]
- If you want the pearl back
so badly...
then bring me Akuru.
- Yeah, I know!
You keep saying that!
Who the hell is this Akuru?!
- [pinwheel clicking]
- [gasps]
- Akuru is a spirit
who has been around
since the Age of the Gods.
Akuru, the one who opens
doorways through time,
it is said that only those
who have been chosen
by the ages can see him.
According to legend,
he takes the form
of a little child
holding a pinwheel.
- [gasps]
- I suspect you know
who I'm talking about.
In fact, I'm willing to bet
you've even seen him.
- That's right.
Rion did say something
about Akuru.
RION: My father has visited
every corner of this world,
but for one place,
and that would be
the realm that lies
beyond space and time.
To achieve this,
he hopes to find and capture
a spirit named Akuru
to move the Windmill of Time.
But it is said that,
should that ever happen,
the world of the living
will come to an end.
Flowers, trees,
insects, animals,
all the living things
I love in this world,
all of it will disappear
in an instant.
- [growls]
You've gotta be kidding me!
There's no way
I'm gonna help you find Akuru!
With this rouge...
I become Beniyasha.
Now tremble
before the bloodthirsty dawn!
I challenge you to a duel!
- Oh, come now.
Have you already forgotten
how thoroughly
I trounced you before?
- [grunts]
Interesting.
Since our previous encounters,
it seems your spirit power
has increased along
with your demon power...
quarter demon.
[tense music playing]
- Quit calling me that!
The name is Beniyasha!
- [scoffs]
- I wonder
what was up with Riku.
It almost feels as if
I'll never see him again.
[energy whooshes]
- Towa, look at that.
- What?
[explosions rumble]
- Is the Tree of Ages on fire?
- Lord Sesshomaru.
- Can you stand up?
- Mm, yes, I think so.
[water ripples]
- I'm sure that Towa and Setsuna
will be here very soon, Milady.
- They will be? Really?
- [rumbling]
- [gasps]
- Moroha's here.
[footsteps splash]
Rin.
- Yes?
- Whatever happens,
don't leave this place.
- B-But, Lord Sesshomaru,
where are you going?
- Guard her with your life,
Jaken.
- Wha?!
- Wait, Lord Sesshomaru!
Lord Sesshomaru!
[wind blowing]
[water flowing]
- I've decided.
I must kill my father.
- Are you serious?!
- Perfectly.
But if I'm successful,
that means...
- Yes, I know.
I was created from a piece
of Kirinmaru's broken horn,
so...
if he were to die...
- Then you would
have to die as well.
- [chuckles]
- Don't let that hold you back.
- [gasps]
- I knew this day
had to come sometime.
- Won't you miss Lady Towa?
- Though it didn't last long,
the short time I did have
to spend with Lady Towa
was truly fulfilling.
She gave me a reason to live.
- What is that?
- A seed from the sweetest fruit
Lady Towa ever gave me,
a forbidden fruit.
Oh, my!
So this is an apple.
Thank you
for the hospitality.
I must say...
[spits]
this fruit truly is tasty.
The flavor
of something forbidden,
that's when I first
tasted such a thing.
Lady Towa believed
my every word.
And that smile on her face,
so innocent and trusting.
I felt something
I'd never felt before.
I learned what it means
to truly fall in love.
- [gasps]
- This feeling,
just this is more than enough.
I no longer have any regrets.
My life is yours.
Use it as you will, Miss Rion.
- Riku.
- So where are we off to now?
- We must go back
to Mount Musubi again.
- Mount Musubi?
[blades clashing]
- She should have gone
when she had the chance.
- [yells]
- [grunts] You have spirit.
I'll give you that.
- [blades clashing]
- SETSUNA: Look!
- Moroha and Kirinmaru!
- [grunts]
Iron-Reaver, Soul-Stealer!
- This is exactly
the kind of futile persistence
I like in an opponent.
- [growls]
- Hmm?
- I'll teach you
to look away from me in a fight!
[yells]
- [grunts]
- [groans]
[yelps]
- Ohh! This isn't
going well at all!
[stammers]
Damn it.
BOTH: Moroha!
Moroha! You okay?
- Yeah, fine,
but you're not catching me
at my finest moment.
- Don't worry.
We're here to help.
- No!
S-Stay out of it!
This fight is only
between me and him.
- [gasps] Don't--
- Nonsense!
We're your friends, remember?
- [gasps]
- [gasps] Yeah, that's right!
We're your friends!
And even more than that,
we're your cousins!
Cousins support each other
and gather together at holidays
and spend time together
and all that!
- [gasps]
[sighs]
KIRINMARU: It's been a while,
hasn't it...
Sesshomaru.
- That's...
MOROHA: Sesshomaru!
- I gather that my sister
has passed on.
But your wife is still safe?
- [scoffs]
Draw your sword, Kirinmaru.
- Don't you think there
should be an order to things?
I'm in the middle of fighting
that quarter demon
at the moment.
- [chuckles]
So the great
Kirinmaru of the Dawn
would rather spend his time
fighting an opponent
he's already defeated twice.
And resort to underhanded
tactics against her too.
- You dare?
- If you really want to be
considered the strongest,
you will have to defeat
the strongest,
and he's standing
right here before you.
- [chuckles]
So you've finally made up your
mind to take me on, have you?
Remember, if I win, you must
fulfill the promise you made.
You must bring me Akuru.
You understand that.
[all gasp]
- The fight's begun.
- [grunts]
- [growls]
[Rin gasps]
- What's all that
going on out there?
- [chuckles]
[gasps]
Don't you dare interfere,
little girls!
- Let's go!
BOTH: Right!
- Here! Try this Sacred Arrow!
- [winces] What?!
- I fooled you, didn't I?!
Heavenly Arrow Barrage!
- She's suppressing
my power with hers.
- [flute plays]
- Zanseiken!
Twin Azure Dragon Wave!
[dragons roar]
- What? Is this
the power of the Kyuyokon?
I can feel it
devouring my power.
[screams]
[grunting]
- Vermillion Bird...
Ambush!
[bird shrieks]
[shrieks]
- Enough! I don't have time
to be dealing with children!
[groaning]
[scream echoes]
- [winces]
- [gasps]
- [grunts]
- [sizzling]
- [panting]
Damn you.
How dare you interfere
in a duel between warriors,
you insufferable brats?!
You will pay for your impudence!
- [grunts]
- Here it comes.
- [dramatic music playing]
- The Dog-Demon of the West
always said the battlefield was
no place for women and children.
Were his teachings
not passed down
among the members
of his own clan?!
I used this giant demon fireball
against the Dog-Demon himself
500 years ago.
Let's see if you can survive it!
[growls]
[yells]
[all gasp]
ALL: Eh?!
- BOTH: Father!
- MOROHA: Wha...
- What?!
- [chuckles]
Yes, that was
a most impressive attack.
But I survived it, Kirinmaru.
- He blocked it
without even raising his sword!
[both gasp]
- Lord Sesshomaru.
[foreboding music playing]
[all gasp]
[all yelp]
[both gasp]
[all yell]
- [yells] It just
gets worse and worse!
[leaves rustling]
[both gasp]
- No! It can't be!
Lord Sesshomaru!
- [panting]
It got Moroha and the others!
It just sucked them right in!
[all screaming]
INUYASHA: Huh?
What the hell is that?
KAGOME: Let's go and see.
- Yeah.
[mysterious music playing]
- What this?
Has he concealed his presence?
[chuckles] No matter.
Having been hit
by my demon fireball,
Sesshomaru will be
starting to lose his Haku.
Even so...
we still haven't
settled things just yet.
Come on out, Sesshomaru!
Where are you hiding?!
Show yourself, Sesshomaru!
- [shudders]
I don't know if anyone
can hear me in there,
but if so,
hurry up and come out!
- Sesshomaru!
- [yelps]
If Kirinmaru gets his hands
on this Black Pearl,
things will be even worse
than they are now,
if that's even possible!
- Sesshomaru...
if you won't come out,
well, then I guess
I can declare this a victory.
[wind blowing]
SETSUNA: What is this place?
MOROHA: Apparently
this is where our grandpa,
the Great Dog-Demon, was buried.
- We need to find a way
to get back, and fast.
- I'm sorry.
It was all my fault that
Sesshomaru ended up like that.
- Moroha!
- Mm?
TOWA: Someone's coming.
MOROHA: Huh?
[Kagome panting]
[twins gasp]
- Is that...
No way.
- Moroha?
Is that you?
Can it be?
- [gasps]
It's for real, then?
You really are my mom?
- [growls]
- [yelps]
[swallows]
[groans]
- You're Moroha, are you?
- Uh, huh?
Uh, yeah, I am.
[winces]
[stammers]
- Stop making faces.
Let me look at you.
- Huh? O-Okay, Mom.
- It's not a trick?
You really are Moroha, then?
- Yeah, I really am.
[sentimental music playing]
- Moroha.
[sniffles]
You came to see us, didn't you,
to find us?
- Well, sort of,
but actually...
- [cries]
- [gasps]
- Moroha, I've missed you.
I've missed you so much.
- Y-Yeah.
Hmm? [sniffs]
Her scent, it's so familiar.
I remember it
from a long time ago.
- Moroha, forgive me for having
left you all alone for so long.
I'm sorry.
[crying] I'm sorry.
Forgive me.
- Moroha, I'm so happy for you.
[crying]
- Hey, Kagome!
I couldn't find anything
over that way.
Hmm?!
- [gasps]
- Hmm?!
D-Dad?
INUYASHA: No. No way.
Moroha?!
[Japanese music playing]
[music playing]
[Moroha whoops]
Damn! Grandpa's grave is huge!
Hey, Mom, Dad...
it's me, Moroha!
I've come to see you!
Wow, so this is what it's like
inside the Black Pearl?
Who would have thought?
Next time on Yashahime:
"Moroha and Family,
Together Again."
Crap! Now that we're in here,
how the hell do we get out?